welcome to film center with Meg
providing you with the best movie news
of the week in a fun and fresh way oh
I'm supposed to look into the camera I'm
sorry I thought we were shooting it
cares your poster for catching fire what
are you guys looking at Cesar the
hipster looks fabulous though kudos to
Coon is forgiving the best interview
ever she can pour beer with no foam
played a blind girl on Baywatch and
yellow is not her color congratulations
to the hobbit for hitting the billion
dollar mark worldwide goes to show what
crazy cool effects can get you a lesson
that should have been learned by Jack
the giant slayer who's not so great see
Giants didn't help with its box office
ratings the film fell short of
expectations only making 20 7.2 million
dollars last weekend for its 25th
anniversary Walt Disney Studios has
given Who Framed Roger Rabbit a facelift
this film has been digitally restored
and will be released in high definition
on blu-ray this year it's amazing how
enhanced some parts look I'm not bad i'm
just drawn deadly the eye blue moment of
the week is brought to you by perverted
old men i've been a form that we've
gotten ahold of Adele's diary let's take
a look dear diary I'm so sad award
season is over it was so nice for your
mom like myself to get out of the flat
they want me to do the music for bond 24
but I was really hoping to focus on
Broadway and tell you this year to rack
up some Tony's and Emmys don't have any
of those yet oops i just passed gas and
a number one single popped out I better
go write it down cheerio Adele and now
hand it over to our casting
correspondent candy candy put your top
back on oopsy thanks for the reminder
Meg Carrie Fisher will return as
Princess Leia in Star Wars Episode seven
however the bikini will not be returning
Michael Keaton Emma Stone nyomi Watson
Zach Galifianakis will start a Gonzalez
in a reaches comedy Birdman
halle berry will return an x-men days of
future past hopefully explaining why she
has an aged in 10 years also joining the
cast is Omar sy of the intouch oppose
RiRi Gemma belt candy Jesse L Martin
will replace lenny kravitz in the Marvin
Gaye biopic Kravitz's response was in a
of Attila tava Harrison Ford to join the
cast of anchorman to watch out Ron
Burgundy han Solo up Chewie rip your
arms off if you try to tell San Diego to
get self again what an afternoon delight
that was let's see what our lead has in
store for us in trailer trash time for
trailer trash disconnect what in God's
name is going on in this trailer it's
like traffic without the fun of the
drugs what is Jason funnyman Bateman
doing in such a serious movie he's
supposed to make me laugh not crap if I
had the internet I'd be scared if I were
you I'd be on my porch with my shotgun
went into a tape that's why I live off
the grid let's bring out our favorite
new Marcus and this week's geko sphere
you're the noob Meg not me God a new
iron man 3 trailer was released online
and it looks epic now that Tony Stark's
super in love he's developed somnia
naturally he builds a lot of iron men to
fight in a battle against evil making
for the most awesomest ending to a
trailer this year apparently the
greatest director of all time
Christopher Nolan is in for justice
league but Christian Bale is out I
cannot imagine Christopher Nolan
directing a Batman that isn't bail I
mean who would yell at the crew
according to Joss Whedon the planet hulk
movie is quote/unquote nonsense why I
say it makes a lot of a lot of sense the
way schools loking Avengers was the
highlight of last summer back to the
Queen noob herself neck
thanks so much for watching don't forget
to subscribe like us on Facebook leave
comments below and me and Mike our
spines will definitely respond signing
off with a mash-up of films coming out
this week enjoy
you